DOC: update references to pyansys/actions (#211)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/documenting.rst

   By using `pyansys/actions <https://github/pyansys/actions>`_, a project can
   take advantage of multi-version documentation. This allows developers and
   users to keep better track of the latest features and bug fixes within a
   library.

Deploying to ``gh-pages`` of the repository
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
While you could manually upload your auto-generated documentation for each
release using your own local GitHub credentials, the best practice is to have
your documentation build on GitHub and deployed either on release or push to
main. You can do this via `GitHub Actions`_ by taking advantage of
``pyansys/actions`` reusable workflows.

Generated documentation gets published in the ``gh-pages`` branch of the
repository of the project. On top of that, two artifacts named
``documentation-html`` and ``documentation-pdf`` get generated at the end of the
workflow.

Add the following workflow job to build and deploy development and stable
documentation in an automated way.

.. code-block:: yaml

    doc-build:
      name: "Building documentation"
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      steps:
        - name: "Run Ansys documentation building action"

>           uses: pyansys/actions/doc-build@v1

Reviewer: Here you are pointing at ``@v1``  while in the ``yml`` files you point at ``@main``. I do think it's better to point at a stable version rather than main for these workflows. Let dependabot update them if they ever copypaste from here =)

This will imply changing all ``yml`` files.

Author: Sure, let me make sure that everything points to the `@v1`. This may be a result of copy-pasting from the development documentation of the actions.

Author: Solved!

    
    doc-deploy-dev:
      name: "Deploy developers documentation"
      if: github.event_name == 'push'
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-build
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy the latest documentation"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-dev@v1
          with:
              cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
              token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
    
    doc-deploy-stable:
      name: "Deploy stable documentation"
      if: github.event_name == 'push' && contains(github.ref, 'refs/tags')
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-deploy-dev
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy the stable documentation"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-stable@v1
          with:
              cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
              token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

Deploying to ``gh-pages`` of another repository
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you are planning to deploy documentation to repository other than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to deploy documentation to a repository other than
```

the one for your project, make sure you create this new repository before deploying
your documentation for the first time.

.. warning::

    Deploying your documentation to another repository is discouraged. It

>     translates to more mainteinance work and does not support the multi-version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    translates to more maintenance work and does not support the multi-version
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    doc-deploy:
      name: "Deploy documentation to a different repo"
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-build
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy documentation"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-to-repo@main
          with:
            cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
            repository: "<owner>/<repository-name>"
            bot-id: ${{ secrets.BOT_APPLICATION_ID }}
            bot-token: ${{ secrets.BOT_APPLICATION_PRIVATE_KEY }}

Access online documentation
---------------------------
Documentation for the latest stable release of a PyAnsys library is accessible
from its repository. The canonical name for the documentation of the project is
constructed using the following structure:

``https://<product>.docs.pyansys.com``

You can generally access the latest development version of the documentation by
adding the prefix ``dev.`` to the URL for the latest stable release.

.. warning::

    PyAnsys projects support now multi-version documentation, meaning that
    stable and development versions are collected under the same webpage. A
    drop-down button for selecting desired version should be available in the

>     top right corner of the navigation bar in the documentation page.

Reviewer 2: it will be available on if you setup the ``"navbar_end": ["version-switcher", "theme-switcher", "navbar-icon-links"],`` in conf file otherwise it will be on top left of the page.

Reviewer: Can't we force all this in the ansys-sphinx-theme?

Reviewer 2: yes. i was looking that right now. we can do that.

Author: If we could force this directly from our theme it would be awesome!

Reviewer: Totally... I mean, I'm fine adding it in one repo.. but if we have to add it in 3 or more... please add it to the main theme 😄

documentation within the ``doc/_build/html/`` directory directly to the
``gh-pages`` branch and then `enabling GitHub pages`_.

.. admonition:: Consider using pyansys/actions for deploying documentation.

   By using `pyansys/actions <https://github/pyansys/actions>`_, a project can
   take advantage of multi-version documentation. This allows developers and
   users to keep better track of the latest features and bug fixes within a

>    library. To enable support for multi-version documentation, refer to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   library. To enable support for multi-version documentation, see
```

   :ref:`Supporting multi-version documentation`.

Deploying to ``gh-pages`` of the repository
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
While you could manually upload your auto-generated documentation for each
release using your own local GitHub credentials, the best practice is to have

> your documentation build on GitHub and deployed either on release or push to
> main. You can do this via `GitHub Actions`_ by taking advantage of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
your documentation build on GitHub and deployed either on release or on a push to
the ``main`` branch. You can do this via `GitHub Actions`_ by taking advantage of
```

``pyansys/actions`` reusable workflows.

Generated documentation gets published in the ``gh-pages`` branch of the
repository of the project. On top of that, two artifacts named
``documentation-html`` and ``documentation-pdf`` get generated at the end of the
workflow.

Add the following workflow job to build and deploy development and stable
documentation in an automated way.

> .. code-block:: yaml

Reviewer 3: Of course, if you make my suggested name changes from earlier, they will also need to be made in the subsequent lines.

    doc-deploy-dev:
      name: "Deploy developers documentation"
      if: github.event_name == 'push'
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-build
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy the latest documentation"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-dev@v1
          with:
              cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
              token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
    
    doc-deploy-stable:
      name: "Deploy stable documentation"
      if: github.event_name == 'push' && contains(github.ref, 'refs/tags')
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-deploy-dev
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy the stable documentation"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-stable@v1
          with:
              cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
              token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

Deploying to ``gh-pages`` of another repository
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If you are planning to deploy documentation to a repository other than
the one for your project, make sure you create this new repository before deploying
your documentation for the first time.

.. warning::

    Deploying your documentation to another repository is discouraged. It

>     translates to more maintenance work and does not support the multi-version

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    would require more maintenance and would not support multi-version
```

    documentation.

> For deploying the documentation to another repository, use the following workflow:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To deploy the documentation to another repository, use this workflow:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    doc-deploy:
      name: "Deploy documentation to a different repo"
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest
      needs: doc-build
      steps:
        - name: "Deploy documentation"
          uses: pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-to-repo@v1
          with:
            cname: "<library>.docs.pyansys.com"
            repository: "<owner>/<repository-name>"
            bot-id: ${{ secrets.BOT_APPLICATION_ID }}
            bot-token: ${{ secrets.BOT_APPLICATION_PRIVATE_KEY }}

Supporting multi-version documentation
--------------------------------------
With the release of `pyansys/actions@v1
<https://actions.docs.pyansys.com/release/0.1/index.html>`_, projects can
benefit from multi-version documentation. Projects taking advantage of this
feature need to apply different configurations according to their level of
maturity.

Common configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Follow these steps to use the multi-version documentation:

- Create a ``gh-pages`` branch in the repository of your project.
- In this branch, include a ``CNAME`` containing the canonical name for the webpage hosting the documentation.

> - Create also a ``.nojekyll`` file to indicate GitHub about the nature of the website.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Create also a ``.nojekyll`` file that tells GitHub about the nature of the website.
```

> - Create a ``release/`` directory and a ``versions.json`` file inside of it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Create a ``release/`` directory with a ``versions.json`` file inside of it.
```

> The content of the ``version.json`` file should read as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The ``version.json`` file contains this content:
```

.. code-block:: json

    [
      {
        "version": "dev",
        "url": "<cname>"
      }
    ]

- Update the version for the ``ansys-sphinx-theme`` to support ``>=0.7``.
- Include the following lines in :ref:`The \`\`conf.py\`\` file`:

> 

Reviewer 3: I'm not the best at reading between deleted and added lines. However, I don't see new lines to replace lines 680-686. I only see the tagging for a code block. Does "import os" to be moved prior to the "Additionally, you must...."?

.. code-block:: python

    import os

    cname = os.environ.get(DOC_CNAME, "<DEFAULT_CNAME>")
    """The canonical name of the webpage hosting the documentation."""

    def get_version_match(semver):

>         """Evaluate the version match for the multi-documentation."""

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        """Evaluate the version match for the multi-version documentation."""
```

        if semver.endswith("dev0"):
            return "dev"
        major, minor, _ = semver.split(".")
        return ".".join([major, minor])

    html_theme_options = {
        "switcher": {
            "json_url": f"{cname}/release/versions.json",
            "version_match": get_version_match(__version__),
        },
        "navbar_end": ["version-switcher", "theme-switcher", "navbar-icon-links"],
        ...
    }

> - Contact ``pyansys-core team`` by sending an e-mail to ``support@pyansys.com`` in case you need to remove your old development ``CNAME``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Send an e-mail to ``support@pyansys.com`` if you need to remove your old development ``CNAME``.
```

> With all previous configuration, your project is ready to use multi-version
> documentation in an automated way. This means that, every time you release a
> new version, it will be added to the drop-down button in the documentation page
> of the project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you complete the configuration changes, your project is ready to use multi-version
documentation in an automated way. This means that every time you release a
new version, it is added to the drop-down button in the documentation page
of the project.
```

.. note::

>     Only the development together with the latest three stable versions are
>     shown by default in the documentation drop-down.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    By default, the documentation drop-down shows only the development version and
    the latest three stable versions.
```

> Mature projects configuration
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Mature project configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> The term *mature* projects denotes those libraries which already released
> several versions. Developers of mature projects should apply previous changes
> in the ``main`` branch of their project and then *cherry-pick* these changes in
> the latests three stable release branches. This ensures that the multi-version
> documentation is able to function as desired.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A *mature* project is a library that already has  several released
versions. Developers of a mature project should apply previous changes
in the ``main`` branch of their project and then *cherry-pick* these changes in
the latest three stable release branches. This ensures that the multi-version
documentation is able to function as desired.
```

> For future releases of your project, since the new ``release/X.Y`` branches are
> created from ``main`` with the new configuration, no additional changes are
> required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Because new ``release/X.Y`` branches are created from ``main`` branch with
the new configuration, no additional changes are required for future releases
of your project.
```

.. note::

>     If you require support for migrating to the multi-version documentation,
>     please contact the ``pyansys-core team`` by writing an e-mail to
>     ``support@pyansys.com``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If you require support when migrating to multi-version documentation,
    send an email to ``support@pyansys.com``.
```

Access online documentation
---------------------------
Documentation for the latest stable release of a PyAnsys library is accessible
from its repository. The canonical name for the documentation of the project is

> constructed using the following structure:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
constructed using this structure:
```

``https://<product>.docs.pyansys.com``

You can generally access the latest development version of the documentation by
adding the prefix ``dev.`` to the URL for the latest stable release.

.. warning::

>     PyAnsys projects support now multi-version documentation, meaning that
>     stable and development versions are collected under the same webpage. A
>     drop-down button for selecting desired version should be available in the
>     top right corner of the navigation bar in the documentation page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    PyAnsys projects support multi-version documentation, meaning that
    stable and development versions are collected under the same webpage. A
    drop-down button for selecting the desired version should be available in the
    top right corner of the navigation bar on the documentation page.
```

Reviewer 3: Google style guide says documentation should be timeless, so no "now" or "in the past" or "in the future" stuff.

For example, consider PyAEDT documentation:

> - The URL for documentation of the latest stable release is `<https://aedt.docs.pyansys.com/>`_.
> - The URL for documentation of the latest development version is `<https://dev.aedt.docs.pyansys.com/>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The documentation URL for the latest stable release is `<https://aedt.docs.pyansys.com/>`_.
- The documentation URL for the latest development version is `<https://dev.aedt.docs.pyansys.com/>`_.
```
